The American Chemist, Viper deploys an array of poisonous chemical devices to control the battlefield and choke the enemy\u0027s vision. If the toxins don\u0027t kill her prey, her mindgames surely will.$
Japanese native Yoru rips holes straight through reality to infiltrate enemy lines unseen. Using deception and aggression in equal measure, he gets the drop on each target before they know where to look.$
Born from the eternal winter of Russia\u0027s tundra, Sova tracks, finds, and eliminates enemies with ruthless efficiency and precision. His custom bow and incredible scouting abilities ensure that even if you run, you cannot hide.$
Hailing from Australia, Skye and her band of beasts trailblaze the way through hostile territory. With her creations hampering the enemy, and her power to heal others, the team is strongest and safest by Skye\u0027s side.$
The bastion of China, Sage creates safety for herself and her team wherever she goes. Able to revive fallen friends and stave off forceful assaults, she provides a calm center to a hellish battlefield.$
Forged in the heart of Mexico, Reyna dominates single combat, popping off with each kill she scores. Her capability is only limited by her raw skill, making her sharply dependent on performance.$
Raze explodes out of Brazil with her big personality and big guns. With her blunt-force-trauma playstyle, she excels at flushing entrenched enemies and clearing tight spaces with a generous dose of \u0022boom.\u0022$
Hailing from the U.K., Phoenix\u0027s star power shines through in his fighting style, igniting the battlefield with flash and flare. Whether he\u0027s got backup or not, he\u0027s rushing in to fight on his own terms.$
A phantom of a memory, Omen hunts in the shadows. He renders enemies blind, teleports across the field, then lets paranoia take hold as his foe scrambles to uncover where he might strike next.$
Filipino Agent Neon surges forward at shocking speeds, discharging bursts of bioelectric radiance as fast as her body generates it. She races ahead to catch enemies off guard then strikes them down quicker than lightning.$
The genius of Germany, Killjoy effortlessly secures key battlefield positions with her arsenal of inventions. If their damage doesn\u0027t take her enemies out, the debuff her robots provide will make short work of them.$
KAY/O is a machine of war built for a single purpose: neutralizing radiants. His power to Suppress enemy abilities dismantles his opponents\u0027 capacity to fight back, securing him and his allies the ultimate edge.$
Representing her home country of South Korea, Jett\u0027s agile and evasive fighting style lets her take risks no one else can. She runs circles around every skirmish, cutting enemies up before they even know what hit them.$
Turkish bounty hunter Fade unleashes the power of raw nightmare to seize enemy secrets. Attuned with terror itself, she hunts down targets and reveals their deepest fears - before crushing them in the dark.$
The Moroccan information broker, Cypher is a one-man surveillance network who keeps tabs on the enemy\u0027s every move. No secret is safe. No maneuver goes unseen. Cypher is always watching.$
Well-dressed and well-armed, French weapons designer Chamber expels aggressors with deadly precision. He leverages his custom arsenal to hold the line and pick off enemies from afar, with a contingency built for every plan.$
Joining from the U.S.A., Brimstone\u0027s orbital arsenal ensures his squad always has the advantage. His ability to deliver utility precisely and safely make him the unmatched boots-on-the-ground commander.$
The bionic Swede Breach fires powerful, targeted kinetic blasts to aggressively clear a path through enemy ground. The damage and disruption he inflicts ensures no fight is ever fair.$
Ghanaian Agent Astra harnesses the energies of the cosmos to reshape battlefields to her whim. With full command of her astral form and a talent for deep strategic foresight, she\u0027s always eons ahead of her enemy\u0027s next move.$
Gekko the Angeleno leads a tight-knit crew of calamitous creatures. His buddies bound forward, scattering enemies out of the way, with Gekko chasing them down to regroup and go again.$
Hailing from India\u2019s coast, Harbor storms the field wielding ancient technology with dominion over water. He unleashes frothing rapids and crushing waves to shield his allies, or pummel those that oppose him.$